feat: Add output directory option and quality fallback (#3)
skarrok/zvuk-dl-rs: README.md

          [env: TOKEN]

  -o, --output-dir <OUTPUT_DIR>
          Output directory

          [env: OUTPUT_DIR=]
          [default: "."]

  -q, --quality <QUALITY>

>           Quality of tracks to grab.
>           If the requested quality is unavailable, the next best quality will be downloaded automatically (FLAC -> MP3High -> MP3Mid).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Quality of tracks to grab
    ///
    /// If the requested quality is unavailable, the next best quality will be downloaded automatically (flac -> mp3-high -> mp3-mid).

```
